## Project Proposal
For WTWY I plan on exploring the MTA turnstile data to discover the highest foot traffic locations in order to place street teams so that they may have the highest chance of gathering emails of potential gala attendees. By doing so, the goal is to increase membership and gala attendance as well as increase their outreach and awareness of women and their participation in technological sectors. I also propose primarily examining the number of exiting passengers, as they are less likely to pass by the street team in a hurry to get to their train and therefore more likely to have time to listen to your team members. 


## Minimum Viable Product (MVP) and Data Used

I will be examining 3 months of MTA turnstile data that is publicly available in order to fulfill this goal, primarily looking at the highest traffic stations, days of the week, and times. This data consists of the month of June 2021 through the month of August 2021. If time permits I would involve location data to better inform WTWY of the nature of the people they would be encountering as well as potentailly vaccination data to ensure the safety of the teams being sent to gather email signatures in the midst of this global pandemic. 

The **MVP** would be a jupyter notebook containing a bar chart showing which station had the most foot traffic on average throughout the time span given, providing a very simple form of where the highest chances of getting potential email signatures and potential gala attendees. This would be done by ingesting the data through SQLite and querying it through SQLalchemy in python, performing exploratory data analysis through python's pandas package, and interpreting that data through python's seaborn and matplotlib packages to create visualizations for the data. 
